Two hundred thousand, right?
OK
I'll pay you back
Ouch
The problem is
Do you dare to ask for it?
What nonsense?
Lick it quickly
Lin Yang
Lin Yang, stop causing trouble
Let's go
fine
Xiaoqing
It just so happens that I am today
let you see
How did I deal with this pair?
Handsome men and pretty women
Hahaha
Oops
The more I listen, the funnier it becomes
Why
How are you going to deal with us?
I want to invite you
We moved bricks together for three years
Coworker?
ah
Hahaha
Moving bricks
It turns out that Lin Yang has been
Living such a miserable life
Then he just
Help me pay back the money
Probably borrowed money
Just returned it, right?
This profit is rolling in
How much money does he have to pay back?
I'll pay for it
that is
My Kari
Only one hundred thousand
Can you pay back a little less?
Xiaoqing
What are you doing?
I can afford this money
Okay, Lin Yang
can you put me
Rescued from Lord Tiger
I already thank you very much
I'll pay this money for you
Get out of here quickly
What kind of air are you pretending to be?
Two hundred thousand
Not a single point less
Are you looking for death?
Lin Yang, don’t be impulsive
Then you say
The remaining one hundred thousand
How to pay back
Then
take off a piece of clothing
Support one side
Top ten thousand
How about it
Not too much
Ah ha ha ha
I
middle
Right
Three minutes have passed
Now
Have to pay back fifty square meters
half a million
fifty square
If not enough
I am now
Just give it to you
Done